[Boyd] Previously. on
"From"...
Meagan. what are you doing?
Maybe I can come in.
Meagan. no!
[Sobbing]
A man protects
his family. Frank!
Open your eyes and look!
No!
[Julie]
"Norman. you're gonna be okay."
"Tell my parents
I said... goodbye.
"Ah!"
Sorry. buddy. Norman's dead.
Mom!
Julie killed Norman.
What happened to Norman?
The monsters killed them.
There's no such thing
as monsters. honey.
Why is there a tree in
the middle of the road?
Must've gotten knocked down
in a storm or something.
[Cawing]
Sorry to interrupt your service.
I was wondering
if you could point me in
the direction of the highway.
Yeah. you just keep on following
the road right up that hill.
right where you were going
and you'll see.
How is this possible?
We're on the same fucking road!
[Horn blaring]
[Groans]
Tabby?
Dad. I think he's bleeding!
There's something in his leg!
[Gasps]
Hey! We need help!
You just rest.
I'll be back soon.
[Stutters] Look at
the mess he made.
Well. that's not
exactly his fault.
I don't like.
Let's get you downstairs.
Can you stitch
the kid up
- inside the RV?
- Well. I don't know what?
It'll work.
- You know this is suicide.
- Just take care of the family.
Run as fast as you can!
No matter what you see.
no matter what you hear.
- you do not stop!
- This isn't your fault.
Wh-What do you mean?
[Kristi] Hold his neck!
- Yeah. you're doing great.
- Ethan. Ethan...
[Kristi]
Good. good. good. good.
Shit.
Kristi?
They're comin'.
[Birds chirping]
[Axe thudding]
[Thudding]
"Que Sera. Sera
Whatever Will Be. will Be" plays...
*FROM*
Season 01  Episode 02
Episode Title:
"The Way Things Are Now"
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
Aired on: February 27. 2022.
♪ I asked
my father ♪
♪ "What will
I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I
be handsome?" ♪
be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what
he said to me ♪
♪ Que Sera Sera ♪
♪ Whatever will
be will be ♪
♪ The future's
not ours to see ♪
♪ Que Sera Sera ♪
♪ What will
be will be ♪
♪ Now I have
children of my own ♪
♪ They ask
their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I
be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them
tenderly ♪
♪ Que Sera Sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be
wll be ♪
♪ The future's not
ours to see ♪
♪ Que Sera Sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
Song continues
to play...
[Voices whispering
indistinctly]
[Rain falling]
[Kristi] Hands under the neck!
Under the neck! Good.
- Why won't it stop?
- Kristi?
- We're good. we're good.
- Ethan. come on.
[Kristi ] We're doing good.
Keep the airway open like that.
Okay. Ethan?
Ethan?
[Rain clattering on roof]
He's breathing.
He's stable. Okay?
He has a pulse.
You're okay. You're okay.
[Knocking]
[Rain clattering on roof]
[Man] Is everyone okay in there?
They're back.
No. Wait.
[Jim] They came back for us.
[Thudding]
Are you going to let 'em in?
[Boyd] No.
Why are we waiting?
I'm not letting 'em in!
[Rain clattering on roof]
I'm gonna help 'em in. then.
Jim. no!
Jim. look... stop!
Oh. hey! Jim. Jim!
Back off! I need you...
I need you to...
Take it... take it easy.
All right. buddy.
All right.
They are not people and they are
not here to help. Jim!
Let me go. man.
Okay. You good?
Let me go.
Fucking fuck!
All right.
[Knocking]
[Rain clattering on roof]
[Voices overlapping
indistinctly]
[Ellis] Can you see it?
You see it?
It's right up there. come on.
We're good.
- [Kenny] Come on! Go. go!
- Come on. Let's go.
- Wait. where's my mom? Mom!
- Come on! Let's go.
- We're almost there!
- [Ellis] Come on!
Keep moving!
Don't stop! Go. go. go!
- [Ellis] Hey! Hey!
- [Father] Watch out!
Watch your step here!
Hey. hey. hey!
- Hey!
- [Ellis] Fuck! Pick him up!
Are you okay?
Hey. I need help here!
- [Ellis] No. no!
- Should we go back?
Kenny. take them!
Kenny. You gotta take them!
Go. go. go!
Don't stop. Don't look!
- [Father] Come on!
- [Ellis] No. no. no. no!
[Father] You've gotta get up!
You've gotta get up!
Come on!
[Ellis]
Motherfucker. come on!
[Father]
You can't stop.
[Lively piano music playing]
[Indistinct chatter; Uproar]
Runners on the hill!
We got runners on the hill!
[Bell ringing. piano stops]
Runners on the hill!
[Bell ringing]
[Cans clatter]
- Go. go. go!
- Who's in there?
- Don't look back! Go!
- Why are we...
Come on! Go! Go!
[Bell ringing]
What are you doing?!
Open the door!
Those aren't our people!
Ellis is out there!
What's wrong with you?!
I can't. No! I said no!
[Ellis] Straight to the door!
Come on!
- Open the door!
- [Julie] Hello?!
- Hey! Open the door!
- We need help!
Hey! Hey!
What's going on?
Why won't they open the door?!
Donna!
Donna. let us in!
We have people out here!
Open the door!
- Donna. let us in!
- [Julie] Do you hear that?
[Gasps]
[Father] What are you doing?
Let us in!
Put the gun down
and open the door!
[Father] Donna!
You said not to
let anybody in here.
- Never open the door after dark.
- I know you're scared.
but are you really gonna
let those people die?
Donna. hey!
Open the fucking door!
[Tabitha] Don't look at that!
[Ellis] No. no. no. no. no. no!
- [Male voice] Julie.
- Hey! What are you doing?!
Don't you recognize me?
Oh. my God!
- Go inside!
- Go. go. go. go. go!
[Shouting]
- [Donna] You. on the floor.
- What?
- On the floor now!
- [Ellis] No. no. no. no.
You don't have to get down! No!
You shut your mouth! I said.
get on the goddamn floor!
- Why?
- [Fatima] Just do what she says.
- [Donna] Now!
- It's okay.
[Donna] Tie them up.
Hey. Donna. come on.
We have a protocol.
Ellis. just come on.
Okay.
Why are you doing this?
We're not gonna
do anything!
Please?
[Julie] Mom...
It's okay. It's okay.
I'm here. I'm here.
It's okay. baby.
[Rain pouring]
Are they gone?
Hard to tell.
You okay? Hey. Jim?
Hey. you still with us?
Yeah.
You said...
You said they aren't people.
That's right.
[Jim]
Then what are they?
Well. we don't know.
Look.
these talismans. they're what
protect the houses in town.
I don't know why it works.
but you got one of those.
you keep the doors and windows
shut; They can't get in.
Never tried it on a vehicle.
This is impossible.
Yeah. it is.
Has he had seizures
like this before?
No. never.
What? What does that mean?
Nothing.
It doesn't mean anything yet.
It could mean
a number of things.
trauma from the accident.
but right now.
we need to focus on getting this
out of his leg so...
[Ethan] Dad?
[Jim] Hey.
[Crying in pain]
Ah. I know.
I'm right here.
I'm right here. Hey.
Okay. sweets. we're just gonna
give you a little poke. okay?
What is that?
It's a sedative.
just to help keep him calm.
Okay.
[Jim] Okay. All right.
Hey. look at me.
Look at me.
No. you don't need to see that.
That's it.
Look at me. look at me.
Ow!
- That's it. that's it.
- [Kristi] All done!
There. look at you.
All done.
Yeah. yeah. It's okay.
- Alright?
- Yeah. That's it. That's it.
Is he from the RV?
No.
He's from another car.
There was an accident
outside of town.
So. there were two cars?
Never seen that before.
Yeah. Neither have I.
[Trudy] That's a nice watch.
Hey. Just leave it alone.
Why? It's not like it's
gonna do him any good here.
Yeah. It's not gonna do
anything for you either.
But it's pretty.
So is he.
I mean. even with
the blood and everything.
he's very handsome.
Don't touch anything. okay?
Fine.
I'm just gonna stay and look
at him for a little while.
Where's my daughter?
She's good. She's fine.
Listen. sorry about what
happened down there.
but it was necessary.
You'll understand that soon.
I need to see Julie!
She's good.
She's fine.
You need some water.
[Breathing heavily]
Here.
Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Whoa. whoa... stop!
- Julie!
- Hey! Hey!
- Stop!
- Sit!
- Ow!
Sit!
[Breathing heavily]
Watch her.
[Groans]
[Donna] Okay.
Listen.
I know none of this
makes sense yet.
but these are
precautions we have to take.
We don't know you.
and everyone reacts differently
on their first night.
But I promise you. there is
not a single person here
who wants to hurt you
or your daughter.
Everyone in this house.
everyone in this town has been
exactly where you are right now.
I need to see my daughter!
And you will.
But first. we have to talk.
There are things you need to
know about where you are.
about the way things are now.
This. unfortunately.
is gonna be the worst
conversation of your life.
[Scoffs]
Do you believe in monsters?
[Footsteps approaching]
Hello.
I'm gonna take some peaches.
You mind?
[Grunts]
Yeah. I'm not supposed
to take these.
But-but Donna. she...
She looks
the other way sometimes.
and we all get a little wiggle
room on one or two things.
I was gonna
open them in my room.
but I'll open 'em here.
if you want some.
You're from one of
those two cars. huh?
That hasn't happened
in a long. long time.
It's special.
[Breathing unsteadily]
What do you think it means?
Please don't...
Victor!
What are you doing?
Leave that poor girl alone.
We were
having a conversation.
You're scaring her.
You know the rules.
Now. take your peaches
and shoo.
Hm.
[Breathing unsteadily]
Sorry about that.
He's creepy.
but he's harmless.
He's just been here
a really long time.
I'm Fatima.
I'm gonna be your proxy.
[Julie] My what?
It's just a fancy way of saying
I'm here to keep you company.
Sorry about the...
Sometimes people freak out
a bit the first night.
It's scary. and it's weird.
and it's just sometimes
too much. you know?
We just don't want
anyone getting hurt.
Really?
Is that why those guys
pointed guns at us?
They shouldn't
have done that.
Look. everybody here is just
doing the best they can.
You really gotta focus
on the good things here.
If I untie you. do you promise
not to do anything crazy?
There's something I'd
really like to show you.
Okay.
Who did all this?
Ellis.
He's really talented.
I bet he'd love
to draw you.
Why?
'Cause you're beautiful.
That's not funny.
I wasn't being funny.
Come on.
We have to keep all
the windows covered at night.
It's harder for them to trick
you if you can't see them.
Who?
Those things out there.
They whisper.
try to get in your head.
It said your name. right?
Sometimes they convince people
to let them in and...
Well...
Here. Come here.
Just don't...
Don't look down.
Just look out.
Why did you bring me here?
'Cause I wanted
you to see...
that if you climb high enough.
even a nightmare
can look like a dream.
Okay. good.
Pulse is strong;
His breathing's really good.
I think we're good to go.
[Knocking]
[Man] You really should've
let us help you.
[Clattering]
[Rustling]
What happens if they get in?
Jim...
What...
happens if they get in?
[Voices chattering indistinctly]
You have a gun.
Why don't you use it?
'Cause it won't do any good!
You... you just gotta trust me.
I don't know you.
[Rattling from above]
[Voices chattering indistinctly]
[Voice chuckling]
Well. there has to be
something we can do.
Jim. Jim. Jim! Hey!
Jim! Jim. Jim. Jim!
Hey. we just have to
wait it out. okay?
With the talisman in the window.
the only way they can get in
here is if we let 'em in.
[Voice giggling]
So. come on. just...
Come on.
[Voices chattering indistinctly]
[Door rattling]
Is that door secure?
[Boyd] It's not gonna open.
Just. just...
The talisman.
what if it... what if it...
- What if it falls?
- Kristi!
- Kristi! Hey! Hey. hey!
It's not gonna fall.
This is what they do. right?
- [Thudding]
- Try to rattle you.
Get in your head.
Make you do something stupid.
You know that. right?
[Thudding. metal creaking]
[Footsteps thudding]
[Creaking]
They're on the roof.
[Thudding steps. creaking]
Okay. listen
to me. kiddo.
Listen. hey. breathe with me.
Breathe.
Okay. Let's forget
about what's outside.
Let's just think
about what's in here.
Focus on him.
Okay?
You got this. kiddo.
You got it.
You got this. right?
We focus on Ethan.
We all stay calm.
You tell us what we need to do.
[Father] Kenny!
It's not right. tying 'em up
like fuckin' animals.
They must be scared
out of their minds!
They have their own way
of doing things here.
Yeah.
It's a fucked-up way.
Isn't it?
Hey.
There's a room made up
for you on the third floor.
Just let the guys know when
you're ready to call it a night.
What? You're not
gonna tie us up first?
Thank you. Ellis.
Uh. the man we helped
carry in. is he...
Ah. yeah. no. that guy. uh.
yeah. he's still out.
I mean. I don't know what kind
of drugs that guy was on.
but he's gonna have a hell
of a time when he wakes up.
Look. man. I know. uh...
I know Donna can be
a little. you know...
but they opened
the door. though. right?
[Scoffs]
Eventually.
Yeah. well. all I'm saying is
tonight could've been
a whole lot worse.
I mean. if you didn't leave
the fuckin' spike strip down...
[Father] Hey. hey. come on!
Are you fucking
kidding right now?
Enough.
[Stutters] Look. it's been
a long night. okay?
Yeah.
Come on.
Yeah. Yeah.
[Sighing]
Just in case
you could use a little
something to take the edge off.
It's a kind gesture.
Yeah. whatever.
It's there for you
if you want it.
See you in the morning.
Sit.
[Sighs]
Okay. I guess I'm not
that great at chess.
You good.
Just... better.
Yeah. you're okay.
When I come America.
I not speak English.
but I play.
This. uh...
people speak same.
Like a universal language?
And you
taught Kenny.
That's nice.
Fu-Hen.
What?
His name:
Fu-Hen.
He want to be America.
He want America name.
[Speaks Cantonese]
I'm sorry.
I don't understand.
[Stammers]
I want my son!
It's okay.
He went home for the night.
He'll be back tomorrow.
Come on. Let's go.
It's okay.
Try to remember
where you are. Okay.
Okay. We're gonna do
a nice clean pull.
Nice and slow.
Now. it's gonna hurt a lot.
Yeah.
So we need him
as still as possible.
Boyd. hold on to his legs.
and you can hold
his neck area. Okay?
Uh-huh. Okay.
[Kristi] Ready?
Mm-hmm.
Here we go.
Okay.
All right.
- [Cries out]
- [Jim] Ah! That's all right.
- That's all right!
- Please stop!
- It hurts! Ow!
- [Jim] All right. all right!
That's it!
Okay. Good.
Hold him still!
- [Ethan] Daddy!
- [Boyd] Got it. got it. got it.
- [Jim] Yeah. that's okay.
- Stop! Ow!
[Jim] That's okay.
Just hold on. hold on. hold on.
Hold on. hold on. hold on now.
[Ethan crying]
[Screaming]
Got it! Got it. Okay.
All right.
Boyd. put pressure.
Put pressure
got it. yeah.
You did great.
You did so good.
We're gonna patch
you up. okay?
Good. good. okay.
- Kristi? Hey. hey.
- [Kristi] Okay.
Breathe.
[Boyd exhaling deeply]
Okay.
Okay. you did great.
Here we go.
[Crying]
Just gonna
stitch him up.
I don't want to.
[Sobbing]
I can't.
I can't do any more.
Are you sure?
Okay.
[Sobbing]
I'm so sorry.
[Sniffles]
[Gasps]
[Object clatters]
How?
[Crying]
[Breathing unsteadily]
All of it?
My mom's... my mom's probably
worried sick.
She'll be fine.
So I. uh. stopped
by the clinic the other day.
Yeah? Let me guess.
my dad try to rope you
into a game of chess.
Ah. he did.
[Laughs]
Even when it gets bad. um.
you show him a chessboard
and he doesn't always remember
how the pieces work.
but he does
remember the game.
You know. he used to make me
play for hours when
I was a kid. and I hated it.
Really?
Now I. um...
Uh. anyway. Kristi.
I mean. she's just...
I mean. she just takes
such great care of him.
[Exhaling sharply]
Look. Kenny.
they're gonna be okay...
Boyd. Kristi. all of 'em.
We're just gonna go out there
first thing in the morning.
We're gonna pick 'em up
and bring 'em home.
I'm not going.
Of course you are.
I can't.
I...
After what happened
to Lauren and Megan.
I feel like I'm
hanging on by a thread here.
I can't find
any more bodies.
I just can't.
[Sighing]
Oh. fuck.
Hey.
Um...
[Julie] Hey.
Uh. do. do you know
where Fatima is?
Yeah. she's just...
Um. she's in the restroom.
Ah. Um...
You're... you're
Julie. right?
And you're Ellis.
Uh. yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um. hey. look.
I'm sorry about what happened.
uh. downstairs earlier.
Um. have... have you had a
chance to see your mom yet?
No.
Uh. she's still talking to...
- To Donna?
- Donna. yeah.
[Ellis] Yeah. right.
Right.
I...
I like your drawings.
Thank you.
[Julie] Yeah.
You're fucking crazy.
[Chuckles]
You don't know how many nights
I've laid awake
wishing that were true.
How many times did you drive
down that road today?
How many hours did
you spend in the car.
going in a straight line that
somehow ended up being a circle?
[Exhales]
You saw those things outside.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
[Stammers]
I don't know what I saw.
That's what my sister said.
Goddamn it. she was stubborn.
How about a drink?
Yep. I'm gonna
pour you a drink.
My sister.
she was a real character.
Not a woman to be trifled with.
I'll tell you that.
[Sighs]
She'd kick the teeth
off a bear
if it looked
at her sideways.
Me and her. we were on
a little hunting trip
when we saw that
goddamn tree in the road.
That's right.
Everyone sees the tree.
[Exhales]
Those
motherfucking crows.
[Exhales]
It was right before sunset.
We'd already been
driving half the day.
There was a motel
a few miles back.
I said.
"Why don't we grab a room?
"Start fresh in the morning
when the tree is cleared."
But my sister didn't
want the deer to spoil.
Plus. we'd run outta beer.
It was already dark
when we got here.
First time through.
didn't even stop.
Saw some folks in the road.
drove right by.
Second time through. one of them
stood in front of the car.
Wouldn't get out of the way.
Just stood there. smiling.
I thought my sister was gonna
run the son of a bitch over.
She never did have much
patience for assholes.
Instead. she grabbed her
shotgun and got out of the car
and started screaming at it.
making all sorts of threats.
But it just stood
there. smiling.
I'll never forget
how it stood there.
So still.
And then
it ripped her face off.
right in front of me.
ripped it clean off.
Started skinning her with
its hands in the street.
just like we used
to skin those deer.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't breathe.
I just froze.
And then I saw another one
coming toward the car.
and that's when I ran.
I couldn't even tell you
which direction I ran.
They seemed to be everywhere.
So I found a place to hide.
some bushes at
the edge of the forest.
I crawled into them and hid.
That's what people
used to do to survive here.
They'd crawl into the bushes
or find a place to hide
and pray that they made it
through till morning.
So. there I was.
crouching in those bushes.
and when the blood stopped
pounding in my head.
I realized I could still
hear my sister screaming.
They weren't just killing her;
They were torturing her.
Those. uh.
things out there. they...
[Pours drink]
...they like to hunt.
they like to play.
so they were making it last.
And I just left her there.
See. you were lucky;
The sun was still
in the sky when you got here.
people came to help.
Not everybody gets that.
It's been. uh. three years.
six months and 17 days.
and I can still hear my sister
screaming in my head.
[Jim]
What is that?
Saline -
helps clean the wounds.
I thought saline comes in bags.
Well. we don't
exactly have much
in the way of
supplies around here.
Couple machines we stripped off
an ambulance a few years back.
but for the most part we just
improvise where we can.
So. what are...
Are you a doctor?
I was a third-year
medical student.
Wasn't exactly
the residency I had in mind.
How about you?
Engineer.
I build theme park attractions.
Roller coasters.
drop towers. stuff like that.
What?
Nothing. It's just you're still
speaking in the present tense.
Hey.
Sorry.
[Ethan] Dad?
Hi. honey.
Hey.
How are you?
It hurts.
I know. You got
a little banged up. but...
[Ethan] I saw it.
What'd you see?
I saw the Lake of Tears.
It was a drawing
on the wall.
[pencil scratching on paper]
There were so many
drawings on the wall.
[pencil scratching on paper]
Like when I used to
draw with crayons
and you would
put it on the fridge?
[pencil scratching on paper]
And we were all there
in the drawings.
you and me...
and Mom and Julie.
But somebody screamed
because the spider
came down from the ceiling.
Hey.
You're gonna be okay.
We're all gonna be okay.
It's okay.
The doctor told us
that the dementia
was progressing
pretty rapidly. but...
[Sighing]
I dunno.
He said. you know.
we should make sure to
lock the doors at night and...
and put a monitor on him.
maybe even strap him into bed.
Right.
None of which we did.
of course. because...
Hey. it's okay.
- It's fine.
- Come on.
[Muttering]
Oh. I'm good. I'm good.
Kenny. maybe
we should. uh...
It was just hard.
you know.
to believe that he was...
So. one night.
he wanders out of the house.
and we didn't even know
he was gone at first.
He took the bus
all the way to the city.
My mom was so angry.
We drove out to pick him
up and she kept saying.
"Well. how could he do this?"
You know. "He knows better."
And I'm just like.
"Mom. he has dementia.
"He's not trying to
fucking piss you off."
[Chuckles]
Well. you know what?
The important thing
is you found him. right?
On the drive home.
I kept thinking.
we got a second
chance now. you know?
To do things right.
And then you saw the tree.
And then we saw the tree.
Yeah.
Can you guys maybe not sit in
the middle of the stairs?
Right. Uh. sorry.
Sorry about that.
We're just. uh...
Sorry.
Yeah. Kenny. you know what?
Maybe we should. uh...
Kenny?
[Knocking]
[Man] Sara?
I was taking a nap.
I didn't hear you come in.
I'm gonna get
some dinner started.
[Breathing unsteadily]
I didn't have a choice.
Oh.
Shh.
[Sniffling]
Will you please help me?
Okay.
You get some rest.
I'm gonna go check
on the boy from the crash.
N-no.
This place. how...
How you say? Scary.
Night scary.
Nightmare?
[Stammers] When this...
When this no work.
that's nightmare.
Yeah. nightmare.
Okay.
You get some sleep.
[Crashing]
So. how does this work?
Oh God. Jim. no. No!
- [Thudding]
- No!
- Oh...
- [Screams]
- [Gasps]
- [Boyd] Hey. hey.
Hey. Kristi! Hey.
Kristi. Kristi.
you're okay.
You just dozed off. Okay?
[Sighs]
Is he okay?
Hey.
Good. Okay.
[Boyd] The sun's coming up.
It's morning.
We're good.
We're okay.
All right.
[Kristi] Okay.
[birds chirping]
[♪]
[Brakes screech]
[Birds chirping]
[♪]
Oh. my God.
Hey. Is he okay?
Is he okay?
He'll be all right.
Hi.
Are you okay. baby?
Hey. baby. you okay?
I've got you.
Oh. God.
[Sobbing]
Do you know the story
about the little girl in a room
filled with broken glass?
She knows the broken pieces
used to mean something.
She knows there's
something they must have been.
But all she can
see are the shards.
And when she tries
to put them back together.
they cut into her skin.
cutting deeper
and deeper.
and she bleeds
all over the floor.
But she keeps on trying.
She keeps trying because
she knows there's an answer.
She knows there's
a shape they used to make.
Sara...
I hear their voices.
and it's just like
the broken glass.
They told me it had to look
like it was the monsters.
I didn't want to.
but they said it was
the only way to save us.
it was the only way
to go home.
Sara...
please. just...
Just tell me what you did.
[Sara]
I left the door open.
[Kristi] Kenny!
Kenny. wait!
Hey.
Let me go first.
It doesn't have to be you.
[♪]
[Gasps]
[Sobbing]
[Sobbing loudly]
[Screaming]
No!
[Sobbing]
[Grunting loudly]
[Grunting]
[Crashing]
[Breathing heavily]
Kenny.
Uh. where's the family?
Father Khatri's bringing them
back up to Colony House.
They shouldn't
be up there.
Well. it's what they wanted.
It's only for the night.
What are you doing out here?
I. uh...
[Stammers] I needed some wood
for the new set.
We never varnished
the pieces.
We made it together.
It's one of the only
things we ever. uh...
It's ruined now.
The blood soaked
into the wood.
You know. with my Dad.
every single game would
always end the same way.
I'd be down to my last piece.
and I'd just keep moving
'round the same three spaces.
trying to avoid him.
Kenny...
Those things.
they walk;
They never run.
You ever notice that?
Yeah.
It's like they're taking
their time. because...
because they know there's only
so many places we can go.
I think we're running out of
spaces on the board. Sheriff.
[Crow cawing]
[♪]
[Sighs]
Norman. they made it back
from the Lake of Tears!
It wasn't too late!
You're gonna
be okay.
Everything's
going to be okay.
Hey. you okay?
What are
you looking at?
Nothing.
[♪]
Shh.
[Instrumental music plays]